Add basic documentation for the operator (#215)
presslabs/mysql-operator: docs/README.md

# Documentation

MySQL Operator documentation.

## Table of content

 * [Getting started](getting-started.md), provides an overview over deploying and using MySQL
   Operator

>  * [Cluster setup details](cluster-setup.md), describe in detail how a cluster can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [Deploy a MySQL cluster](deploy-mysql-cluster.md), describes in detail how a cluster can be installed and configured.
```

>  * [Backups configuration](mysql-operator-backups.md), this section shows how to configure and take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [Configure backups](mysql-operator-backups.md), shows how to configure and take
```
